README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://the-quran-book.herokuapp.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
    <img
      alt="The Quran"
      src="public/assets/images/md-logo.png"
      width="150"
      height="150"
    />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">The Quran</h1>

This project is the frontend for <a href="https://the-quran-book.herokuapp.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">The Quran</a>. It is built using Reactjs and Bootstrap 5.


 <!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<div align="center">

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![GPL v3 License][license-shield]][license-url]

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->


## Table of Contents
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [What is The Quran?](#what-is-the-quran)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [The Quran community](#the-quran-community)
- [License](#license)



## What is The Quran?

<!-- ![The Quran](public/assets/images/md-screenshot.png "The Quran") -->

The Quran is a Message from Allah to humanity. This message was given to the Prophet (saw) in pieces over a period spanning approximately 23 years (610 CE to 632 CE). The Prophet (saw) was 40 years old when the Qur'an began to be revealed to him, and he was 63 when the revelation was completed. The language of the original message was Arabic, but it has been translated into many other languages.

For more information see the [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quran).

## Getting Started
This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

  - Ensure you have [nodejs] installed
  - Get the source by running `git clone https://github.com/the-quran/the-quran-frontend/` or creating a [fork]
  - Run `npm install` to do first time installation of all dependencies

In the project directory, you can run:

- #### `npm start`

  Runs the app in the development mode.\
  Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

  The page will reload when you make changes.\
  You may also see any lint errors in the console.

- #### `npm test`

  Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
  See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

- #### `npm run build`

  Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
  It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

  The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
  Your app is ready to be deployed!

  See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

 To learn more React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).


## The Quran community  

Join the quran community here [https://the-quran.slack.com](https://the-quran.slack.com) [![SLACK](public/assets/images/md-slack.png)](https://the-quran.slack.com)



## License

The Quran is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License v3.0 . for more information see [https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0][license-url] .



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/the-quran/the-quran-frontend?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/the-quran/the-quran-frontend/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/the-quran/the-quran-frontend?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/the-quran/the-quran-frontend/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/the-quran/the-quran-frontend?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/the-quran/the-quran-frontend/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/the-quran/the-quran-frontend?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/the-quran/the-quran-frontend/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/the-quran/the-quran-frontend?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png

Commit message:

adding yarn in README.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://the-quran-book.herokuapp.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
    <img
      alt="The Quran"
      src="public/assets/images/md-logo.png"
      width="150"
      height="150"
    />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">The Quran</h1>

This project is the frontend for <a href="https://the-quran-book.herokuapp.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">The Quran</a>. It is built using Reactjs and Bootstrap 5.


 <!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<div align="center">

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![GPL v3 License][license-shield]][license-url]

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->


## Table of Contents
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [What is The Quran?](#what-is-the-quran)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [The Quran community](#the-quran-community)
- [License](#license)



## What is The Quran?

<!-- ![The Quran](public/assets/images/md-screenshot.png "The Quran") -->

The Quran is a Message from Allah to humanity. This message was given to the Prophet (saw) in pieces over a period spanning approximately 23 years (610 CE to 632 CE). The Prophet (saw) was 40 years old when the Qur'an began to be revealed to him, and he was 63 when the revelation was completed. The language of the original message was Arabic, but it has been translated into many other languages.

For more information see the [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quran).

## Getting Started
This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

  - Ensure you have [nodejs] installed
  - Get the source by running `git clone https://github.com/the-quran/the-quran-frontend/` or creating a [fork]
  - Run `npm install` or `yarn` to do first time installation of all dependencies

In the project directory, you can run:

- #### `npm start` or `yarn start`

  Runs the app in the development mode.\
  Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

  The page will reload when you make changes.\
  You may also see any lint errors in the console.

- #### `npm test` or `yarn test`

  Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
  See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

- #### `npm run build` or `yarn build` 

  Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
  It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

  The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
  Your app is ready to be deployed!

  See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

 To learn more React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).


## The Quran community  

Join the quran community here [https://the-quran.slack.com](https://the-quran.slack.com) [![SLACK](public/assets/images/md-slack.png)](https://the-quran.slack.com)



## License

The Quran is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License v3.0 . for more information see [https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0][license-url] .



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/the-quran/the-quran-frontend?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/the-quran/the-quran-frontend/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/the-quran/the-quran-frontend?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/the-quran/the-quran-frontend/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/the-quran/the-quran-frontend?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/the-quran/the-quran-frontend/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/the-quran/the-quran-frontend?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/the-quran/the-quran-frontend/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/the-quran/the-quran-frontend?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
